README.md, before:

<a name="#readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [📖 my-account ](#my-account)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#authors)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#future-features)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#contributing)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️show-your-support)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#acknowledgments)
  - [❓ FAQ ](#faq)
    - [`Can we use the application as an organization`](#can-we-use-the-application-as-an-organization)
    - [`Answer`](#answer)
  - [`Where can we reach out to you ?`](#where-can-we-reach-out-to-you)
    - [`Answer`](#answer-1)
  - [📝 License ](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [my-account](#my-account) <a name="about-project"></a>

The my-account application is a fully functional website that allow you to manage your expenses. The website was created with Ruby on Rails. 

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

The following technologies have been used for the project development.

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Rails.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

The key features of the application are:

- Create, Read and Delete expenses and categories
- Authentication with Devise
- Authorization rules for users

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->
## 🚀 Live demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

Please follow this [link](https://my-account-pf88.onrender.com/) to have a demo of my_account_app.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```sh
 gem install rails
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:diarisdiakite/my-account
```


### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-account
  gem install
```


### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/my-account_test.rb
```

### Deployment

You can deploy the my-account application using: google cloud, Microsoft Azure, Netlify, github, render and other platform by giving credit on using our template and/or contribute via pull requests (read more in the contributing section).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Didy

GitHub: [@Didy](https://www.github.com/diarisdiakite)
<br> Twitter: [@diarisdiakite](https://www.twitter.com/diarisd)
<br>LinkedIn: [@diarisdiakite](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diariatou-diakite-67ab80165/)
<br><br>


[`Back to top`](#readme-top)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Dynamic list creating by the users using the interface**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/diarisdiakite/my-account/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like the [my-account]() project, you can support our work. Please, visit [diaridiakite personal page](https://diarisdiakite.github.io/my-portfolio/), follow me on my social media handles [@linkedin.com/diarisd](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diariatou-diakite-67ab80165/) and [@twitter.com/diarisd]().

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse community to inspire and encourage everyday programmers and aspiring programmers.

The original design of this application is from [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) from [Behance](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

Here are the most common questions about this project.

### `Can we use the application as an organization`

### `Answer`
Yes! Make sure you give us credit of the application. 

## `Where can we reach out to you ?`

### `Answer`
You can reach out to the organisation team by email [diarisdiakite@gmail.com](diarisdiakite@gmail.com)

[`Back to top`](#readme-top)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add the video link to the Readme file.

README.md, after:

<a name="#readme-top"></a>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [📖 my-account ](#my-account)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#authors)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#future-features)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#contributing)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️show-your-support)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#acknowledgments)
  - [❓ FAQ ](#faq)
    - [`Can we use the application as an organization`](#can-we-use-the-application-as-an-organization)
    - [`Answer`](#answer)
  - [`Where can we reach out to you ?`](#where-can-we-reach-out-to-you)
    - [`Answer`](#answer-1)
  - [📝 License ](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [my-account](#my-account) <a name="about-project"></a>

The my-account application is a fully functional website that allow you to manage your expenses. The website was created with Ruby on Rails. 

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

The following technologies have been used for the project development.

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Rails.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

The key features of the application are:

- Create, Read and Delete expenses and categories
- Authentication with Devise
- Authorization rules for users

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->
## 🚀 Live demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

Please watch the presentation video at this [link](https://www.loom.com/share/2747aeabe45443709317181533a60d6b)

You can follow this [link](https://my-account-pf88.onrender.com/) to have a demo of my_account_app.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```sh
 gem install rails
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:diarisdiakite/my-account
```


### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd my-account
  gem install
```


### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```sh
  bin/rails test test/models/my-account_test.rb
```

### Deployment

You can deploy the my-account application using: google cloud, Microsoft Azure, Netlify, github, render and other platform by giving credit on using our template and/or contribute via pull requests (read more in the contributing section).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Didy

GitHub: [@Didy](https://www.github.com/diarisdiakite)
<br> Twitter: [@diarisdiakite](https://www.twitter.com/diarisd)
<br>LinkedIn: [@diarisdiakite](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diariatou-diakite-67ab80165/)
<br><br>


[`Back to top`](#readme-top)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Dynamic list creating by the users using the interface**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/diarisdiakite/my-account/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like the [my-account]() project, you can support our work. Please, visit [diaridiakite personal page](https://diarisdiakite.github.io/my-portfolio/), follow me on my social media handles [@linkedin.com/diarisd](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diariatou-diakite-67ab80165/) and [@twitter.com/diarisd]().

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse community to inspire and encourage everyday programmers and aspiring programmers.

The original design of this application is from [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) from [Behance](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

Here are the most common questions about this project.

### `Can we use the application as an organization`

### `Answer`
Yes! Make sure you give us credit of the application. 

## `Where can we reach out to you ?`

### `Answer`
You can reach out to the organisation team by email [diarisdiakite@gmail.com](diarisdiakite@gmail.com)

[`Back to top`](#readme-top)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
